# Computer-Vision-Rock-Paper-Scissors
In my first project with AiCore, I have been tasked with creating a Rock, Paper, Scissors game using the site Teachable Machine. To begin with, I made sure to install all of the relevant environments and packages to allow me to complete milestone 1, some of which included: Visual Studio Code; GitHub and TensorFlow. These allowed me to make my start on my project by going onto Teachable Machine and creating 4 labels: Rock, Paper, Scissors and Nothing. We were asked to create the 'nothing' label to allow the machine how to recognise when neither Rock, Paper or Scissors were being played. To do this, I used my web-cam to take many still images in various positions performing each action. By using more images and different positions, this allowed the trained machine to deduce with greater accuracy what action I was performing. Once I'd completed this after a few attempts of trial and error of what images I took of myself, and the machine had been trained to recognise my actions, I was able to make any action and have the machine feed back to at least 98% accuracy which option I chose.

Milestone 2 of this project allowed me to create a virtual environment using Miniconda and then install various libraries such as opencv-python, ipykernel and pip. This meant that my previous work was now presented to me as a code on Visual Studio. Having run the model through and seeing the result, i was challenged to then understand it entirely. This lead me to a couple of hours of making hand movements and aiming to add more code in that gave me words as well as the numbers flying through. Along with understanding my own code, I had to familiarise myself with while loops and if statements among many others (else, elif, etc) in order to give me the biggest help when approaching the next milestone.

Onto milestone 3 and this is where we started to see the code become a form of Rock, Paper, Scissors that we are familiar with. This set of code was to be saved into a new file as this was to be a manual version without the camera. It started by me programming my own choices and the computers choices with basic outcomes, this then evolved into the computers choices being randomised and automated. My next step was to automate my own choices in a random fashion to essentially make it computer vs computer which would allow me to simulate hundreds of games with a victor for each game. However, this was an issue as I now had to count who had the most victories; it was then my challenge to get a rolling score going with a point to either winner and nil for a tie. Since then, I have gone on to win 345 - 329 in a matter of just seconds and I am keen to bring these 2 elements of my game together now for milestone 4.

Milestone 4 has provided me with multiple hurdles that I have tirelessly fought, rectified and improved upon; one of which has been the general integration between my previous 2 sets of code. Initially it was challenging to start, but once I overcame that it was reasonably plain-sailing. I then found myself with a good structure to my code however it wouldn't run in the way I'd planned. After a number of conversations and research, I slowly started to get less and less errors and created a code that would run all the way through, albeit not with the desired outcome, but this was a start. My first improvement to this was to add text to my game, this came in the way of a countdown timer and an option to play another game. In doing this, it allowed my game to have format and breaks that allowed the user to actually pick an option and have it register. My next step was to create a score counter that would take these results and tally it in a score format. My final step was to use these scores and program my game to stop once a player had reached 3 wins, this would dictate the final winner thus ending the game. 
